Remove outdated text references in LDAP (#3789)
owncloud/docs: modules/admin_manual/pages/configuration/user/user_auth_ldap.adoc

Saving the configuration empties the cache. 
The time is given in seconds.
Note that almost every PHP request requires a new connection to the LDAP server. 

> If you require fresh PHP requests, we recommend defining a minimum lifetime of about 15 secondsor higher, rather than completely eliminating the cache.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you require fresh PHP requests, we recommend defining a minimum lifetime of about 15 seconds or higher, rather than completely eliminating the cache.
```
